okay so people say epic chopper that's a
pretty bold name epic is the bike going
to be epic yes it will here are some of
the things that it's going to feature
first of all complete custom sheet metal
this is not off the shelf stuff you can
just go buy an ad distributors catalog
it has a new custom gas tank that we get
from la chop rods guard Hollinger very
talented builder and we're going to use
his custom tank that he's created the
oil tank is going to be our own custom
aluminum oil tank with machined fins on
the ends it's a beautiful one thing and
then we've got a spun rear fender the
bike will really look nice it will have
custom billet wheels a design that is to
be determined and I will well you'll see
it when you sin and then the the motor
the powertrain is all american-made
we're going to start with that s NS 1 11
which is an incredible motor it's got
plenty of power it's got plenty of
torque but importantly is it's really
smooth it has an even bore and stroke
four nights more for tonight stroke the
motor was actually designed to be a
bagger replacement motor so it's got
again great power but incredibly smooth
so we know from the SNS 111 a baker
transmission you know Baker sets the
standards and transmissions and power
trains and the the primary is also a
baker so the bikes can have some other
cool stuff alright here's another thing
it's going to have ice our controls
really trick from Sweden I believe I
sorry hand controls and and some other
cool little doodads here and there so
check back with Miller and you feel free
to check our website if you want to see
some progress but you can't sign up on
our website you have to sign up on
Miller